docs: create page for GitHub generator package (#2127)
changesets/changesets: site/guide/github-changelog-generator.md

# GitHub Changelog Generator

The `@changesets/changelog-github` generator is an official package from changesets that links to commits, PRs and authors. Learn more about generators in [our "Customize Changelog Format" guide](./customize-changelog-format.md#writing-a-custom-changelog-generator).

## Usage

You can install the GitHub Changelog generator with the following command:

::: code-group

```bash [pnpm]
$ pnpm add -D @changesets/changelog-github
```

```bash [npm]
$ npm install -D @changesets/changelog-github
```

```bash [yarn]
$ yarn add -D @changesets/changelog-github
```

:::

The GitHub Changelog generator requires a [`GITHUB_TOKEN`](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=read:user,repo:status&description=changesets) with `read:user` and `repo:status` permissions. Add it to your repository's [GitHub Action secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/how-tos/write-workflows/choose-what-workflows-do/use-secrets) and your `.env` file:

```bash
GITHUB_TOKEN=token_here
```

> Then you can use it in the [`changelog`](./config.md#changelog) option:

Author: Re: Rebasing this onto the README.
Could we convert links like this to absolute links to docs site then?
e.g.: 

```suggestion
Then you can use it in the [`changelog`](https://changesets.dev/guide/config#changelog) option:
```
